[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
GAU-CROQUETTE
[humming]
[Toshio] Try our potato croquettes!
Fresh out of the fryer!
Delicious croquettes! Try a croquette!
Such a beautiful voice.
Today will be the day...
But, no! I can't!
Naoko, what are you saying?
You decided yesterday
that you'd tell Toshio!
No I can't! I'm so afraid...
-Hey, Naoko! What are you doing?
-[gasps]
H-- Hello...
Are you rehearsing for a play?
Huh?
You were loudly rehearsing
some lines of dialogue.
Um... was I talking out loud?
Yeah.
[groaning]
My habit of speaking my inner thoughts...
[chuckles] You're funny, Naoko.
Huh?
[Toshio] How about a croquette?
They're nice and hot.
Toshio...
[Toshio] Yes?
Um... I...
What is it?
I... like...
-Oh, you like meat?
-[groans]
You're in the right place!
How many grams?
No... I mean...
[Kana] Naoko!
Huh? Whoa...
What are you doing?
Are you getting croquettes?
I thought you were avoiding fried foods.
It... [screaming] It's nothing!
What was that?
What a strange girl.
[Naoko] I can't believe myself!
What am I doing? [wails in despair]
Toshio must think I'm a weird girl.
What, Naoko, are you giving up?
But I'm not worthy...
You can't give up. You like him, right?
But...
No "buts"!
Stop sulking and be brave!
You're right. There's always tomorrow!
Hey, did you join the drama club?
Takashi Yamada!
Why are you doing
a weird play by yourself?
You were watching me?
[growls]
Oh! Is Gauko going to appear?
[groaning]
Mind your own business!
-Huh?
-[Naoko yells]
What's your problem?
The next day...
[gasps]
Help wanted?
[Naoko] Toshio!
Oh, hi, Naoko.
I saw the help wanted sign.
Are you quitting?
Oh, no, that's not it.
The owner joined the town's samba team,
she has practice at night, so we need
someone to help out then.
That's a relief.
Naoko, how about it?
What? Me?
[Toshio] Hey, Naoko says
she can work part-time.
Oh, great. That's wonderful.
Thank you for having me.
Okay, let's have you start
with peeling potatoes.
I started out peeling potatoes, too.
I see. I'll do my best!
Well then, I'm off to samba practice.
[singing] Croquette-roquette,
croquette-roquette...
Olé!
[Naoko, humming]
You're getting the hang of it.
R-- Really?
[Toshio] You'll be even faster
once you get used to it.
-Toshio...
-Yes?
I'm... so happy.
Really? Peeling potatoes?
Because you and I... Uh!
That was just my inner voice speaking
so please ignore me.
Uh...
[Halley] Hello?
Oh, we have a customer.
Naoko, can you watch the croquettes?
Yes!
[Babu Lisa] I'd like a croquette, babu.
Sure thing.
[Halley] I want a fresh one.
We're frying a batch right now.
Can you wait a moment?
I'm hungry. I want to eat one
right now, babu!
But they're better fresh.
I don't care!
Give me two croquettes right now, babu!
Okay, okay.
Two for 200 yen, babu.
Don't mimic me, babu!
[Toshio] Sorry.
He'll give you the money for these.
Yeah, it's my treat.
That'll be 200 yen.
I don't like how you asked me
for my money.
What do you mean, "That'll be 200 yen"?
What was it before it became 200 yen?
Sorry. It is 200 yen.
Okay, put it on my tab.
Huh? We don't keep tabs.
I don't have any cash on me.
Credit cards are fine, too.
My daddy won't let me carry a credit card!
[Toshio] You were going to pay
without money?
[KinPika] Why are you asking money
from someone who doesn't have any?
[Toshio] What!
[Naoko] Right now, we're both part-time,
but Toshio will be so good at his job
that the owner will let him take over...
and then I'll become
the shopkeeper's wife.
[delighted squeals] Our wonderful future!
The sweet aroma of happiness,
the sweet burnt smell of...
Huh?
[screams]
[Naoko, whimping] I'm so sorry!
[Toshio] It can't be helped.
It's your first day at work.
But...
Everyone makes mistakes at first.
Toshio, you're so kind.
[Toshio, chuckles]
You still have a lot to learn.
Yes.
-You won't be able to marry unless you do.
-Huh?
Learning to make croquettes at this job
is helpful for homemaking skills.
Are you saying women
should stay at home and cook?
No, that's not what I said...
But that's what you meant!
Well, there are people who become
housewives and those who don't.
It's really up to them,
but I guess I prefer
a domestic-type of person.
[groaning]
What's wrong?
I'm so disappointed in you!
[roaring] I never thought
you'd be so old-fashioned!
-[growls]
-[Toshios screams]
-Oh, no! The croquettes!
-[roars]
[Naoko] I'm so sorry.
I ruined all of the croquettes.
But they all have
a nice golden brown color.
I'll pay you back with my pay.
They actually smell good, too...
W-- What is this?!
I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
These are really good!
Huh?
These are better
than the fried croquettes!
-[crowd clamoring]
-These new croquettes are a hit!
The line to buy them is three hours long!
Our new roasted croquettes are for sale!
Get your Gau-croquettes!
Wah! Please don't push!
[cawing]
[Toshio] The Gau-croquettes were
a huge success, right?
Yes.
We're counting on you to turn into Gauko
everyday and roar-st those croquettes.
Huh?
Maybe we should become a Gau-croquette
specialty shop.
-Huh?
-Then Naoko, you'd be the manager.
Wow, Naoko, that'd be great.
No, well...
Great! I'll let Naoko
take care of the shop.
I can quit and pursue my career
as a model!
Eh...
Gau-croquette! [roars]
No...
[screams] I don't want that!
[Toshio] Naoko!
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪